Data Sampling and Collection:
The goal of the project code is to determine the likelihood that a certain person will experience a stroke by using that person's data to train the model. A deep learning model trained on the Stroke Prediction Set produced the datasets we are utilizing to train and test the model. While not exact, feature distributions are close to the original.  
In our study, we found multiple articles that used this dataset. One of them claims that the data was acquired in Bangladesh, despite the owner of the dataset claiming that it is a confidential dataset. Which might allow us to state that data may be potentially biased. 
The country of Bangladesh, which has a population of 165.6 million, is situated in the northwest of South Asia.Bangladesh has some of the highest rates of child malnutrition in the world. 60% of children under the age of six are stunted, and two-thirds of children under the age of five are malnourished.In 1985, more than 45% of rural families and 76% of urban families consumed less calories than recommended. As impoverished moms give birth to malnourished offspring, malnutrition is handed down through generations. In Bangladesh, one-third of newborns are underweight, infant mortality is rising, and adult diabetes and heart disease risk factors are rising. Also malnutrition and environmental sanitation issues contribute to the load of diseases the country experiences as a result of its large population.
Additionally there are studies in UK that shows South Asians die from strokes at a higher rate than white people do. The causes of this are complicated and not well-understood. What is known is that stroke risk factors such high blood pressure, diabetes, and high cholesterol are more likely to develop in South Asian people. 

Data Cleaning:
There are 4 types of data Normal Data and Ordinal Data which are under the title of Categorical(Qualitative) Data and Discrete Data and Continuous Data which are under the title of Numerical(Quantitative) Data.
The data that falls into categories is referred to as qualitative data, also known as categorical data. Which in the specific dataset are gender, hypertension, heart_disease, ever_married, work_type, Residence_type, smoking_status and stroke. Gender, hypertension, heart_disaese, ever_married, work_type, Residence_type and stroke are considered as nominal data but smoking_status in this case is an ordinal type of data.
Numerical data, which reflects a numerical value, is another name for quantitative data. Quantitative data provides details about the quantities of a particular thing. Which in the specific dataset are age, avg_glucose level and bmi. These are all examples of continuous data.
The degree of precision or detail at which data is gathered, saved, and analyzed is referred to as the granularity of the data.
The "gender" attribute represents the gender of individuals. We have been given "male", "female" and "other" values for this attribute. If "other" part was detailed more. Than this part would be relatively more granular.
The "hypertension" attribute represents whether an individual has hypertension or not. The attribute is generally not considered to be highly granular, as it relates to a specific health condition.
Similar to hypertension, the "heart_disease" attribute likely represents the presence or absence of heart disease in individuals. The granularity of this attribute is generally not high, as it captures a specific health condition.
The "ever_married" attribute represents whether an individual has ever been married or not. It is typically represented as a binary value. This attribute captures a binary marital status and is not highly granular.
The 'work_type' attribute is to represent the type of job that an individual performs. The degree to which detail has been captured is a matter of the granularity of this attribute.
The "residence_type" attribute refers to the type of residence that an individual may have in his or her home state, such as "urban" or "rural". This attribute captures a broad classification and is not highly granular.
Individuals' smoking habits are represented by the "smoking_status" attribute. Depending on the degree of detail scanned, that attribute's granularity depends. It's less granular because this part includes a wide range of categories, "formerly smoked", "never smoked", "smokes", "unknown". It would have been considered to be more granular if it had included more particular details, such as the frequency or duration of smoking.
The "stroke" attribute represents whether an individual has experienced a stroke or not. It is typically represented as a binary value. This attribute captures a specific health event and is not highly granular.
As can be seen in the code provided, we can see that there are too many outliers when comparing different values. Only 201 values were missing in "bmi" column. And bfill method was used to fix the problem.